Document ImageVolume with an image diges (#52782)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/ImageVolumeWithDigest.md

---
title: ImageVolumeWithDigest
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: alpha
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.35"
---

> Report [ImageVolume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/image-volumes/)'s

Reviewer: We prefer to use relative links in doc where feasible.

```suggestion
Report [ImageVolume](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/image-volumes/)'s
```

    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.35"
---

> Report [ImageVolume](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#image)'s

Reviewer 2: We write `image` in all-lowercase.
```suggestion
For each [`image` volume](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#image) in a Pod,
report the digest of that image as part of the Pod's status.
```
